our space is maxed consuming to ground
the past can be governed by fraud the
Buddhist was before it is now highly
vulnerable they shall become one with us
must seize control of that realm prepare
for assimilation
many years ago a powerful over more
seemingly negotiating in a white slavery
World Series me he likes it as your
clients and compliments to guess it
however his treachery was discovered
resulting in a failure at his evil
scheme you it looked as though the
peaceful inhabitants of that world will
be forever safety from the realm of evil
but now many years later the threat has
returned and a war is brewing as the
overlord of the mighty empire seeks his
revenge
you will be assimilated resistance is
futile
call out the guards so what's the plan
and my sister get me the soul Tomic
utopia stabilizer
you
the sickness tomorrow
service service hours man what are you
it's the end of the world all the
beginning
it's just such a knowledge is over get
me around for that weapon well sure one
real battles of 8000 hope reduce open
the spigot we don't bad guy stuff weird
listen I can't spend my whole life
running away from a bully time for a
showdown
warrior to warrior I foul one day I will
kill you negotiation is irrelevant you
will be assimilated